README.md, before:

# Nanachan

Tsundere, but useful bot (it's like wasabi!)

## Develop with nanadev 🏠🍽️

One-click™ dev environment for nanapi and nanachan: https://github.com/Japan7/nanadev

[![Open in GitHub Codespaces](https://github.com/codespaces/badge.svg)](https://codespaces.new/Japan7/nanadev)

## Develop locally

```sh
git clone https://github.com/Japan7/nanachan.git
cd nanachan/
```

### Setup Redis

```sh
docker run -d --name redis -p 6379:6379 valkey/valkey:latest
```

## Local Settings

Create your discord app at https://discord.com/developers/applications.
On the “Bot” page enable the server member intent and message content intent, generate your bot token.

Then copy [`nanachan/example.local_settings.py`](nanachan/example.local_settings.py)
to `nanachan/local_settings.py` and edit it appropriately.

You can invite your bot to a server with a link similar to this (using the client ID of your application):
https://discord.com/oauth2/authorize?client_id=YOUR_CLIENT_ID&permissions=0&scope=bot+applications.commands

## Run nanachan

```sh
uv run --frozen -m nanachan
```

## Git hooks

To check your changes before committing you can use the provided pre-commit hook:

```sh
git config core.hookspath hooks
```

or

```sh
cp hooks/pre-commit .git/hooks
```

By default it will run `ruff check` on the codebase and `pyright` if the
`HOOKS_PYRIGHT_CHECK` environment variable is set (because pyright is very
slow).
In any case the CI will run the same commands and report the errors just the same.

Commit message:

[tools] add script to create bot on nanapi instance
I always forget how to do it so now it’s here.
Asks for the basic auth username/password and then uses the variables
set in local settings.

README.md, after:

# Nanachan

Tsundere, but useful bot (it's like wasabi!)

## Develop with nanadev 🏠🍽️

One-click™ dev environment for nanapi and nanachan: https://github.com/Japan7/nanadev

[![Open in GitHub Codespaces](https://github.com/codespaces/badge.svg)](https://codespaces.new/Japan7/nanadev)

## Develop locally

```sh
git clone https://github.com/Japan7/nanachan.git
cd nanachan/
```

### Setup Redis

```sh
docker run -d --name redis -p 6379:6379 valkey/valkey:latest
```

## Local Settings

Create your discord app at https://discord.com/developers/applications.
On the “Bot” page enable the server member intent and message content intent, generate your bot token.

Then copy [`nanachan/example.local_settings.py`](nanachan/example.local_settings.py)
to `nanachan/local_settings.py` and edit it appropriately.

You can run `uv run tools/register_bot.py` to create a client account in nanapi
for your bot. It will ask for the basic auth credentials and create an account
with the username and password set in your `local_settings.py` file.

You can invite your bot to a server with a link similar to this (using the client ID of your application):
https://discord.com/oauth2/authorize?client_id=YOUR_CLIENT_ID&permissions=0&scope=bot+applications.commands

## Run nanachan

```sh
uv run --frozen -m nanachan
```

## Git hooks

To check your changes before committing you can use the provided pre-commit hook:

```sh
git config core.hookspath hooks
```

or

```sh
cp hooks/pre-commit .git/hooks
```

By default it will run `ruff check` on the codebase and `pyright` if the
`HOOKS_PYRIGHT_CHECK` environment variable is set (because pyright is very
slow).
In any case the CI will run the same commands and report the errors just the same.
